Update tracing example to use new OpenTelemetry tracing objects (#96)
apache/accumulo-examples: docs/tracing.md

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

> # Apache Accumulo Tracing Example

Reviewer: I thought we already had an instruction document for the tracing example. I wonder how many other examples exist without documentation. :shrug:

This tutorial uses the [TracingExample.java] Java class to create an OpenTelemetry
span in the TracingExample application and then create and read entries from Accumulo.
Tracing output should show up in logs for the TracingExample class and the Accumulo client,
and logs for the Accumulo server processes.

## Setup

  1. Download the OpenTelemetry [JavaAgent] jar file and place it into the `/path/to/accumulo/lib/` directory.
  2. Add the property `general.opentelemetry.enabled=true` to accumulo.properties

>   3. Set the following environment variables in your environment:
>   
>     ACCUMULO_JAVA_OPTS="-javaagent:/path/to/accumulo/lib/opentelemetry-javaagent-1.12.1.jar"
>     OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER="logging"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Export the following environment variables in your environment:
  
    JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS="-javaagent:/path/to/accumulo/lib/opentelemetry-javaagent-1.12.1.jar"
    OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER="logging"
    
The first is a standard Java option that will allow the example process to pick up the agent. The second is an option to instruct OpenTelemetry to auto-configure sending traces to the logs. You can try setting up a different exporter if you prefer. See OpenTelemetry's own documentation for help with that.
```
